feat(eslint-plugin): [strict-enums] new rule (#4864)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/strict-enums.md

- `mismatchedFunctionArgument` - The argument in the function call does not match the declared enum type of the function signature.
  - You might be trying to use a number literal, like `useFoo(1)`. Or, you might be trying to use a disparate enum type, like `useFoo(Bar.Value1)`. Either way, you need to use a value that corresponds to the correct enum, like `useFoo(Foo.Value1)`. Enums are supposed to be resilient to reorganization, so non-exact function calls like this can be dangerous.

## Number Enums vs String Enums

Surprisingly, the TypeScript compiler deals with string enums in a safer way than it does with number enums. If we duplicate the first example above by using a string enum, the TypeScript compiler will correctly throw an error:

```ts
enum Vegetable {
  Lettuce = 'lettuce',
  Carrot = 'carrot',
}

let vegetable = Vegetable.Lettuce;

> vegetable = 'definatelyNotAVegetable'; // Type '"definatelyNotAVegetable"' is not assignable to type 'Vegetable'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vegetable = 'definitelyNotAVegetable'; // Type '"definitelyNotAVegetable"' is not assignable to type 'Vegetable'.
```
